"This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.            
                    "Information Collection Personally Identifiable Information is information that can be used to contact you or determine your specific identity. When other information is linked to this information, it also becomes Personally Identifiable Information.            
                               
                    "When you register at 3Ayn App , we ask you for basic registration information, such as your name, address, email address, phone, fax, and other contact information.           
                    "We may ask you for voluntary personal information at other times, including but not limited to when you provide opinions, enter a contest or promotion, or report a problem with the 3Ayn App.           
                    "When you submit a request for more information or assistance, 3Ayn App will keep a record of the request and the manner in which it was processed.           
                    "We may also automatically receive and record information in our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, your computer's name, the type and version of your web browser, referrer addresses, and other generally-accepted log information. We may also record page views (hit counts) and other general statistical and tracking information.           
                    "Limits on Information Collection We must have your Personally Identifiable Information in order for us to adequately provide you with the 3Ayn App service.            
                               
                    "Note that by limiting information collection, 3Ayn App may not be able to provide you the same functionality or features as otherwise available (if such functionality or features rely on this information) Cookies.           
                    "A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. Each web site can send its own cookies to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) most browsers only permit a web site to access the cookies that the same web site has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.            
                               
                    "3Ayn App may set and access our own cookies on your computer. 3Ayn App may use cookies to identify you as a repeat visitor or customer of the website, to maintain session information for logged in users, and to track usage trends and patterns in order to better understand and improve areas of our website.            
                               
                    "3Ayn App may also allow other companies that are presenting content on our site to set and access their own cookies on your computer. Other companies' use of cookies is subject to their own respective privacy policies. We do not have access to any information stored by third party advertisers about you.            
                               
                    "We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous.           
                    "YOUR USE OF INFORMATION AND UNSOLICITED JUNK E-MAIL If you obtain personally identifiable information about another website user, you are not allowed to disclose this information to anyone else without our consent and the consent of the user.            
                               
                    "We hate junk e-mail (Spam). Information you obtain from our website about us or other site users cannot be used by you or others to send unsolicited commercial e-mail or to send unsolicited commercial communications via our website's posting or other communication systems.           
                    "USER NAMES AND PASSWORDS Your access to parts of our website may be protected by a user name and a password. Do not give your password to anyone. If you enter a section of our website that requires a password, you should log out when you leave. As a safety precaution, you should also close out of your web browser completely and re-open it before viewing other parts of the Internet.           
                    "Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information.           
                    "In general, we will not disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to unaffiliated third parties without your express consent. But if we are required by law to provide any of your Personally Identifiable Information we will, if permitted by law, attempt to notify you via the e-mail address you supplied during registration within a reasonable amount of time before we respond to the request.           
                    "YOUR VOLUNTARY DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES WHO ARE NOT OUR SUPPLIERS. You may choose to provide personal information to website visitors or other third parties who are not our suppliers. Please use caution when doing so. The privacy policies and customs of these third parties determine what is done with your information.           
                    "Use and Disclosure of Anonymous Information Anonymous Information is any information other than Personally Identifiable Information, including aggregate information derived from Personally Identifiable Information. Anonymous Information will not include any Personally Identifiable Information and 3Ayn App will not disclose any Personally Identifiable Information except as expressly stated elsewhere in this policy. Ayn may use this information.           
                    "To improve the 3Ayn App website and service, to monitor traffic and general usage patterns, and for other general business purposes.           
                    "To inform publishers as to what content is appealing to their readers, to inform advertisers of the usage habits or characteristics of the interested audience, and to advise potential investors so that they may better understand 3Ayn App user base, etc.           
                    "Changing or Removing Information, You have control over your Personally Identifiable Information and can change your Registration or Subscription Information by visiting the site.           
                    "Security We employ reasonable and current security methods to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure correct use of information.            
                               
                    "Your personal data will be stored within a database that is located behind a firewall for added security. The server housing the database is physically protected at a secure, third party site and is monitored by security personnel twenty-four hours a day. Only authorized personnel can access the data center and the particular server housing the database.            
                               
                    "No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be secure. As a result, while we try to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.            
                               
                    "We do not encrypt normal web sessions with the Service, however any transmission to the 3Ayn App website or service of credit card information uses SSL encryption to help protect the data. Children            
                    "The Ayn service is not directed to children (persons under the age of 13), and we do not knowingly collect, either online or offline, Personally Identifiable Information from children. Changes to this Privacy Policy 3Ayn App may change its privacy policy from time to time. If we make any changes regarding disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to the third parties, we will post conspicuous notice of the new policy on our home page.            
                               
                    "If you are concerned about the topic covered by this policy, you should read it each time before you use our website. Any questions or concerns about this policy should be brought to our attention by contacting us in the address given below:            
                    "Contact Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:\ninfo@3aynapp.com"
